Update in the max number of segments for IB (#6866)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/information-barriers-in-teams.md

- **Users can't join channel meetings**: If IB policies are enabled, users aren't allowed to join channel meetings if they're not a member of the team. The root cause is that IB checks rely on whether users can be added to a meeting chat roster, and only when they can be added to the roster are they allowed to join the meeting. The chat thread in a channel meeting is available to Team/Channel members only, and non-members can't see or access the chat thread. If IB is enabled for the tenant and a non-team member attempts to join a channel meeting, that user isn't allowed to join the meeting. However, if IB is _not_ enabled for the tenant and a non-team member attempts to join a channel meeting, the user is allowed to join the meeting—but they won't see the chat option in the meeting.

> - **Maximum number of segments allowed in a tenant**: Each tenant can set up to 100 segments for configuring IB policies. Although, there is no limit on number of policies that can be configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Maximum number of segments allowed in a tenant**: Each tenant can set up to 100 segments for configuring IB policies. However, there is no limit on the number of policies that can be configured.
```
